---
title: "Two post-doctoral positions available immediately"
description: "Welcome to The Polite Investor."
readTime: "1 min"
section: "News & Announcements"
tags: ["Website"]
related: []
hero: "post"
heroCaption: "This post technologically advanced than a stamp."
draft: false
authors: ["Laura Pasqualucci"]
---

<p>Two post-doctoral positions available immediately for MD and/or PhD fellows interested in genetic- and epigenetic-driven mechanisms implicated in the pathogenesis of mature B cell lymphomas.</p>
 
<!-- end -->

<p class="mt-4">The individuals will work on the role of lymphoma-associated mutations in the malignant transformation of germinal center B cells, with emphasis on those targeting histone/chromatin modifier genes. Examples include mechanisms by which inactivation of the KMT2D methyltransferase (Zhang et al, Nature Medicine 2015) and the CREBBP/EP300 acetyltransferases (Zhang et al., Cancer Discovery 2017) contribute to the clonal expansion of the lymphoma precursor cells, and the identification and targeting of synthetic lethal interactions in these tumors  (Meyer et al, Immunity, 2019). Other projects focused on genetic determinants of specific prognostic subgroups of B cell lymphomas (e.g. Liu, Blood Cancer Discovery 2020), the exploration of the lymphoma non-coding genome, and the interaction between gene mutations and the immune microenvironment are also ongoing. Candidates will have the opportunity to work in the vibrant environment of the Institute for Cancer Genetics and integrated with an outstanding group of bioinformaticians.</p>
 
<p class="mt-4">The ideal candidate is highly motivated, enthusiastic, and capable of handling a fast-paced environment, with a proven track record of research and laboratory work in the form of publications in English language journals. Strong organizational, time management, and project management skills required. Experience in genetics and chromatin analysis, B cell immunology, and mouse models as well as general molecular biology skills will be appreciated. Candidates are expected to be able and communicate in written and spoken English.</p>

<p class="mt-4">Please send your resume and details to Laura Pasqualucci <a href="mailto:lp171@cumc.columbia.edu" class="text-cuimc-button-blue">lp171@cumc.columbia.edu</a>.</p>
